Sorry I'm late,
a very good excuse.
but I have
Picture this:
I'm just getting ready
to leave the Mess Hall
when Ensign Wildman
goes into labor.
but deliver the baby?
What else could I do
have been there, Harry.
Oh, you should
There is nothing like bringing
a new life into the world.
I think I missed
my calling.
What if I told you
the turbolift got stuck
on Deck 6?
you've been late this week,
This is the third time
Mr. Paris.
It won't happen again.
TUVOK:
Commander,
I am picking up
a distress call
on one of the upper
subspace bands.
What's the source?
CHAKOTAY:
A small spacecraft.
No weapon systems.
One life-form aboard.
Extremely weak life signs.
Slow to half impulse.
CHAKOTAY:
the bioscanner,
According to
it's a Vidiian female.
Open a channel.
No response.
She may be too sick.
some kind of trick.
Or maybe it's
Preliminary scans show no other
Vidiian ships in this sector.
that this is a trap.
It is unlikely
Commander Chakotay,
notify the Doctor.
Mr. Kim, beam the woman
to Sick Bay.
Aye, Captain.
KIM:
Her renal organs
20 percent of normal
are functioning at
and her cardiovascular system
is on the verge
of collapse.
20 milligrams
of lectrazine.
Cardiovascular and renal
systems are stabilizing,
but her neural patterns
are fading.
What is it?
In her parietal lobe.
some sort of implant.
It looks like
It's a very complex web
of bio-neural circuitry,
nano-fibers.
what's causing the problem?
Could this be
On the contrary.
According to these readings,
storing her synaptic patterns,
the device is actually
processing them
neuro-electrical impulses
and transmitting
of her systems.
to the rest
Are you saying it's some kind
of artificial brain?
No.
a neuro-cortical stimulator
I'd say it's more like
the higher brain functions.
designed to supplement
working anymore.
But it's not
From what I can tell,
the implant itself
is functioning,
to mostly dead nerve cells.
but it's connected
something quickly,
If we don't do
in a matter of minutes.
she'll be brain dead
stimulate cell regeneration
What about trying to
with a high dosage
of inaprovaline?
Very impressive, Kes,
too late for that.
but I think it's
Get me a high-frequency
RF transmitter.
You're going to have
to hurry, Kes.
The patient's brain function
is diminishing rapidly.
delta band frequency
Now... set the
of the holo-emitter
to 8.6 tetrahertz.
What are we doing,
exactly?
Transferring the patient's
synaptic patterns
before they degrade completely.
into the holo-buffer
Is there enough
storage capacity
in the holo-matrix for such
complex data patterns?
for my program, isn't there?
There's enough capacity
And my program contains over
50 million gigaquads of data,
which, I don't have to tell you,
is considerably more
than the most highly-developed
humanoid brains.
What good is preserving
her synaptic patterns
if there is no body?
a holographic body.
I'm creating
Not only will we be able
to communicate
with the patient, but we'll
have an accurate model
of healthy Vidiian
that will aid
physiology
her actual body.
in treating
Computer, project the patient's
skeletal structure.
Now add internal organs.
Add musculature.
Now apply epidermal layers.
use transporter records
Computer,
the patient's clothing.
to recreate
( sighs )
[♪♪♪]
According to her ship's
navigational logs,
to a remote Vidiian colony.
the woman was en route
Are we anywhere near it?
light-years away.
It's about ten
We should be in the general
vicinity in about 22 days.
Assuming she survives
and we can take adequate
security precautions,
we'll turn her over to her
people when we get there.
Captain.
Is there something wrong?
I wanted to talk to you
about Lieutenant Paris.
His attitude lately's been
less than professional.
I've noticed.
I know crew discipline's
my responsibility,
but, in this case, I thought
I should let you get involved
before I took any action.
In a way, Paris has been
reclamation project.
your personal
I appreciate your bringing this
to my attention, Commander,
the problem any way you see fit.
but I trust you to handle
Chief Medical Officer's Log,
supplemental.
DOCTOR:
Test results indicate
that the holographic body
is functioning normally.
The patient's synaptic patterns
appear to be stable,
to begin transferring
so I'm now ready
and motor processes.
her cognitive
Who are you?
I'm the Chief Medical Officer
of the Federation Starship
Voyager.
We received your distress call
and brought you aboard.
What have you done to me?
simple really.
It's quite
I used the undamaged chromosomes
in your cerebellum
your original DNA code,
to recreate
and then programmed
the computer
a holographic template
to project
based on that genome.
Holographic?
A three-dimensional
projection
of light and energy.
See for yourself.
( gasps )
Your neural patterns
were degrading rapidly.
It was too late
to expect results
from inaprovaline,
so I was forced to improvise,
not that it would have occurred
to just any physician.
Why are you crying?
I'm sorry. I...
I thought you'd be pleased.
I am.
I just never expected
to look healthy again.
I've been sick for so long.
a complete medical history.
I'll need
How long have you
been ill exactly?
I was first diagnosed with
the phage when I was seven.
And when did you
replacement tissue?
begin receiving
About that same time.
to get used to the changes,
At first, it was hard
but it happened so often
that after a while,
I almost stopped noticing.
I-I never...
I'd see myself again.
I never thought
Thank you.
extraordinary thing
This is the most
anyone has ever done for me.
I wouldn't be too grateful.
There are serious limitations
to being a hologram.
First of all, we can only exist
within environments
equipped with holo-emitters,
such as this Sick Bay.
You mean, you're...
medical holographic program.
I'm this ship's emergency
You're a computer simulation?
An incredibly sophisticated
computer simulation.
I'm sorry.
What did you say your name was?
I don't have a name.
of my original program.
It wasn't part
I'm sure, have one.
However, you,
Danara.
Danara Pel.
Well, Miss Pel,
with an illness like yours
may I ask what someone
with no access to medical care?
was doing alone in space
I was helping to treat
an outbreak of the phage
on Fina Prime.
back to my home colony,
I was on my way
and my condition got worse.
but it's a long journey
You're a medical practitioner
of some kind?
A hematologist.
given your expertise,
Well, then, perhaps,
with your treatment.
you can help me
My treatment?
I feel fine.
Unfortunately, that's
only temporary.
will eventually degrade
Your synaptic patterns
if we don't get them out
of the pattern buffers
and back into your brain.
How long?
Perhaps a week.
A few days.
I see.
Your real body is in stasis.
we have to find a way
As you can see,
damaged neural tissue.
to repair your
( gasps )
Is something wrong?
It's nothing.
discuss treatments.
I'm eager to
Of course.
The procedure is quite simple.
I'll drill an opening
into your skull
precisely two millimeters
in diameter,
and then use a neuralyte probe
of your parietal lobe
to extract a sample
weighing approximately
one gram.
It doesn't sound simple to me.
I still have nightmares
about what those people
did to me.
to crack open my head,
And now you want
cut out a piece of my brain
and give it to her?
in the Vidiian prison
Your experience
is resistant to the phage.
suggests Klingon DNA
Losing a small amount of neural
tissue is inconsequential.
Not to me, it isn't.
Yet that same tissue,
grafted onto the patient's brain
and stimulated to grow,
will significantly
slow the spread
of her infection.
If we can increase the grafted
tissue mass quickly enough,
her synaptic patterns
we can transfer
back into her brain before they
degrade in the holo-buffer.
It won't cure the phage,
prolong her life considerably.
but it should
into a surgical gown
Please change
on bio-bed number one.
and lie down
I am not going...
Excuse me.
I just want to say that...
I've read about the experiments
that were done on you.
must have been very traumatic.
What you went through
That is an understatement.
I'm sure it is.
Please understand,
this disease
has been killing my people
for hundreds of years.
has become an obsession
Trying to stop it
and many of our politicians
and scientists
have never developed
compassion for the people
who keep us alive.
As much as I want
to go on living,
I have accepted the fact
that I will die soon.
if you are willing to give it.
I only want your help
Of course, I... I'd like
to help you if I can.
If you have any questions at all
about the procedure,
to answer them for you.
I'd... I'd be happy
( sighs )
I'll go and get changed.
I've finished
ingrafting
DOCTOR:
neural tissue
the Klingon
cerebral cortex.
to your
Now, all I have to do
an axonal pathway
is create
and your basal ganglia.
between that tissue
is very impressive.
Your technique
of my programming.
It's all part
For example, this exact
procedure was developed
by Dr. Leonard McCoy
in the year 2253.
I'm equipped with the collective
medical knowledge
of more than 3,000 cultures.
as you see here,
Additionally,
allows me to perform
my imaging system
and, in many cases,
improve upon
the most delicate
tactile maneuvers
a dizzying array
required by
of surgical procedures.
Incredible.
It is, isn't it?
Hand me the submicron
suture, please.
( instrument whirring )
That should do it.
There.
Ah. Excellent
work, Doctor.
I was only assisting.
that assistance was invaluable.
Nonetheless,
two or three days
It could be
if the graft will hold.
before we'll know
In the meantime, perhaps
I should deactivate
your program
temporarily.
Do you have to?
It would slow the degradation
of your synaptic patterns.
so much energy.
But I have
I don't know.
Maybe it's the excitement
of the surgery, or...
or maybe it's this new body.
What I'd really like to do
is take a walk
and see the rest of your ship.
that's not possible.
Unfortunately,
However, if you're looking
for something to do,
please feel free
to use my office
to access our medical database.
You'll find several
interesting texts
on comparative endocrinology.
All right.
Thank you.
On second thought,
there is someplace
else we could go.
( conversation, music
and laughter )
It's wonderful.
like this to go to,
If I had a place
I'd be there every day.
recreational facilities?
Don't your people have
Congregating
in groups
is strictly
regulated.
It's considered to be a
threat to public health.
A wise policy.
I suppose.
people spend so much time
Sometimes, I think my
trying to save lives,
how to live anymore.
they don't know
to introduce me to your date?
Doctor, aren't you going
She is not my date.
She's my patient.
I didn't realize...
I'm sorry.
Mr. Neelix,
this is Dr. Danara Pel.
As Chief Morale Officer,
to welcome you to Voyager.
may I be the first
Madame, your loveliness
our dark little cavern.
illuminates
May I have the pleasure
of this next dance?
Go away immediately.
DOCTOR:
You're disturbing my patient.
Both of you.
because you cannot dance.
You are just jealous
Let's go.
the lady nervous.
You're making
Nice to meet you.
I apologize.
just being nice.
No. They were
Irritating, isn't it?
I guess I'm just not used
to... so much attention.
Where I come from,
when you're as sick as I am,
people, healthy people.
stay away from you.
I guess...
I forgot for a second
I...
that I don't look
like that anymore.
It's a natural response.
All this talk about me.
I'd like to know about you.
There's still so much
There's not much to tell,
really.
My program was developed
by Dr. Louis Zimmerman
in a lab on Jupiter Station.
on stardate 48308.
I was activated
Since that time, I've performed
347 medical exams,
healed 11 compound fractures,
performed three appendectomies
and, in my greatest feat
of medical prowess,
of an acute case of the hiccups.
I once cured Mr. Neelix
( laughing )
You're very funny.
I am?
Well, several clinical studies
to be very therapeutic.
have shown humor
part of your treatment.
Consider it
What is it?
It's, uh... just that I...
in a very long time.
I haven't laughed
Thank you.
when he said you can't "dance"?
What did that man mean
( accordion music continues )
That's dancing.
And you can't do it?
of my programming.
It's not part
Oh.
I see.
Well, Dr. Pel...
Please, call me Danara.
As you wish... Danara.
And what about you?
What should I call you?
Well, as I said--
I know.
You don't have a name.
Would it be all right
if I gave you one?
Well, I...
How about...
Shmullus?
It was my uncle's name.
He used to make
me laugh, too.
Doctor...
Shmullus.
I think I like
the sound of that.
( music continues )
Well...
here we are.
Yes.
Here we are.
Yes?
Danara, I think we should--
for at least eight hours.
Deactivate your program
If you think it's best.
I do.
All right, then.
All right.
Computer...
Shmullus?
Yes?
I had a wonderful time.
I'm pleased.
Thank you...
for...
everything.
Thank you for...
giving me a name.
Uh... well...
good night, Danara.
Good night...
Shmullus.
Computer,
deactivate Vidiian
program Alpha.
Mind if I join you?
So how are things, Tom?
Excuse me?
How have you been
feeling lately?
Is something bothering you?
Oh, no offense, Commander,
but why the sudden concern
for my feelings?
Well, you've been
moody lately,
indifferent to your duties.
To be honest, you
don't seem to be
taking your job
very seriously.
If you've got a problem,
I'd like to know
what it is.
Yeah, I've got a problem.
My problem is you.
You care to elaborate?
I don't take my job seriously,
You tell me
you don't let me do my job.
but half the time,
What's that supposed to mean?
It means that you
don't trust my judgment.
to take initiative.
You don't allow me
Remember last week?
that we might save time
I suggested
that emissions nebula.
by traveling through
But what did you say?
"Oh, no, that's not the way
we do things on this ship."
to agree with your suggestions,
Look, sometimes I'm not going
is part of being a leader.
but making decisions
Maybe someday you'll
understand that.
knowing when to give your people
Being a leader also means
and let them be creative.
a little leeway
We might as well put this ship
on autopilot
you give me to do my job.
for all the freedom
I didn't come here for a lecture
from you on how to do myjob.
Yeah, well, I know you don't put
much stock in my opinion,
so maybe you should talk
of these people.
to some
the only one around here
Because I'm not
who's got a problem with you.
Now, if there's nothing else...
sir...
I'd like to be excused.
Sure, Paris.
You're excused.
the Voyager crew.
Dissension among
Maje Culluh will find that
very interesting.
Good work, Mr. Jonas.
Now, there's something else
we'd like you to do.
We want you to create a small
accident, which will damage
Voyager's warp coils.
Why?
There's no need to concern
yourself with that.
You just... plan the accident.
We'll let you know
exactly when we want it
to happen.
Do we understand each other?
I want to talk to Seska.
I'm afraid Maje Culluh...
You tell Maje Culluh
that I won't do anything
to damage Voyager,
a problem with that,
and if he has
Seska contact me.
tell him to have
( cuts com contact )
Doctor, when you
have a minute.
self-diagnostic right now.
I'm running a level-2
as soon as I'm finished.
I'll be there
Why are you running
a diagnostic?
periodic lapses in concentration
I've been experiencing
and difficulty handling objects.
There may be a malfunction
acuity subroutine.
in my tactile
How long has this
been going on?
About two or three days.
Since Danara came aboard.
What's your point?
you're feeling this way.
Maybe she's the reason
I fail to see a connection.
Maybe you're attracted to her.
my program's malfunctioning.
I told you,
Romance is not a malfunction.
Romance is not part
of my programming.
Your programming's adaptive,
isn't it?
Yes.
Then I'd say it's adapting.
What if...
to adapt right now?
I don't want it
Why wouldn't you?
Because I don't like
what's happening to me.
I'm used to being in control
of my faculties...
confident of my decisions.
But lately...
whenever Danara's program
is deactivated
concentrating on my work...
and I should be
I find myself thinking
of nothing but her.
reactivate her?
Why don't you
Because whenever I do that,
I suddenly feel...
unsure of myself,
unsettled...
and I have no idea
what to say.
seek out situations
Why would people
such unpleasant symptoms?
which induce
Because when the other person
feels the same way you do,
it's the most wonderful
thing in life.
Suppose...
hypothetically
of course...
Of course.
I wanted to pursue
that possibility.
How would I proceed?
You'd have to tell her
how you feel.
That's it?
Just... tell her how I feel?
Otherwise, you may never know
how she feels.
I'm going to try stimulating
your motor neurons.
( instrument whirs )
Well, the nucleus cuneatus
appears to be functioning
normally.
And now for the anterior
thalamic pathway.
Excellent.
been meaning to tell you...
By the way, Danara, I've
Yes?
I'm romantically
attracted to you
if you felt the same way.
and wanted to know
Is something wrong?
No. I...
Did you understand what I said?
Yes.
Well?
isn't the time to...
Doctor, maybe now
I was speaking to Danara.
Excuse me, Kes.
I think it's best if we keep our
relationship... professional.
Well...
I'm going to...
the posterior sciatic nerve.
try stimulating
Doc, what brings you here?
Is somebody sick?
I was looking for you.
Actually, Mr. Paris,
Oh.
Well, pull up a chair.
Mr. Paris,
great deal of experience
I assume you've had a
being rejected by women.
Oh, thanks a lot, Doc.
What I'd like to know is:
What does one do to recover
from the unpleasant symptoms
of romantic rejection?
Why the sudden interest
in romance?
I can't tell you.
It's a matter of doctor/
patient confidentiality.
Ah.
All right, well, let's see.
not a lot you can do
Sometimes there's
you really care about.
to get over a woman
( chuckling )
I remember when Susie
Crabtree dumped me
back in my first year
at the Academy.
I broke out in hives.
of bed for a week.
Couldn't get out
Stellar Cartography.
I almost failed
I walked around
in a daze
for the rest
of that year.
Of course, the first one
is always the hardest
to get over.
I see.
But... eventually,
about her less and less,
you start thinking
without realizing it,
until finally,
she's not on your mind anymore.
So the symptoms do subside
over time?
For the most part.
But every now and then,
even years later,
something reminds you of her--
a few notes of a song--
a certain smell,
and suddenly you feel
just as bad as the day
she told you
to see you again.
she never wanted
the honest truth, Doc,
If you want to know
a woman you really cared about.
you never completely get over
Wait a minute.
Doc, we're not talking
about you, are we?
I told you, it was confidential.
Oh, boy, you've got it bad.
Look, Doc, I don't
mean to intrude,
going on, maybe I can help.
but if you tell me what's
( door opens, closes )
Hello, Kes.
Are you feeling
all right?
I'm fine.
I'm just... waiting
for the Doctor.
Oh.
He's been gone a long time.
You really like
him, don't you?
Then... why didn't
you tell him
that you felt the same way
when he told you that he
was attracted to you?
It all happened so fast.
I don't know.
He just blurted it out.
He's very blunt.
take it personally.
You shouldn't
How could he
possibly have
of feelings about me?
those kinds
Maybe because
you're a compassionate person,
a brilliant doctor,
you appreciate his humor...
Should I go on?
Please don't.
One thing you're
not very good at
is accepting
a compliment.
The next time
someone has
something nice to
say about you
take them at their word
maybe you should just
about yourself.
and feel good
It's not easy to feel
good about yourself
when you're used to living
your life... like that.
Danara, I can't
pretend to know
what your life's
been like,
there's nothing sadder
but I do know
than a missed
opportunity.
and the Doctor need
Maybe what you
is to spend some time
together... alone.
like she might just be shy.
It sounds to me
scared her off.
I think you
I did?
Your approach is all wrong.
Well, what would be
the right approach?
Women like romance.
to make an effort--
They want men
take them someplace special.
Where would I take her?
Come with me, Doc.
I've got an idea.
Stardate 49504.3.
Doctor's Personal Log,
Inaugural entry.
Kes and Mr. Paris
have conspired
to get Danara and me
alone together
Paris considers romantic.
in a place
I've never felt more... uneasy.
you were coming.
I wasn't sure
Neither was I.
If you don't want
to be here...
No.
I do.
Where are we exactly?
On a planet
called Mars.
land-based vehicle.
Inside a primitive
It's called a '57 Chevy.
an automobile aficionado.
Mr. Paris is quite
This is his program.
What is it that we're
supposed to be doing?
called... parking.
I believe it's
I almost forgot.
These are for you.
Thank you.
very... very thoughtful.
You're... you're
"My Prayer" plays )
( The Platters
♪ My prayer...♪
I downloaded a new
dancing subroutine
into my program
this morning.
to get out and try it?
Would you like
Actually...
sitting here for a while.
I wouldn't mind just...
You wouldn't?
and star formations
Those moons
are so different from anything
I've ever seen before.
Well, if you're
interested,
I could point out a few
astronomical highlights.
You see that bluish
planet there--
that's called "Earth."
Headquarters is located.
It's where Starfleet
♪ With the world far away...♪
And over... there
that's "Cygnus."
And there--
is called "Hercules,"
that constellation
named after a character
in ancient Greek myth.
was also a Greek.
Hippocrates
He was the father of...
♪ Tonight...♪
Earth medicine.
♪ While our heart are aglow...♪
And that cluster
over there--
that's... called
the "Pleiades."
♪ ...high ♪
♪ Sha bop sha bop ♪
♪ But I can't see a thing ♪
♪ In the sky ♪
♪ I only have eyes ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ I don't know if ♪
♪ We're in a garden ♪
Sorry I'm late.
That's all right, Mr. Paris.
We don't need you.
Mr. Grimes has taken
your place at conn.
But it's my shift.
Not today it isn't.
What, because I was
ten minutes late?
That's right.
Captain...
Don't look at me,
Mr. Paris.
Commander Chakotay has complete
discretion in this matter.
So, when should I
report back for duty?
taking your job seriously,
When you decide to start
we'll discuss it.
you're dismissed.
But right now,
Get your hands off me!
Mr. Tuvok.
Yes, Captain.
Please escort Mr. Paris
to the brig.
( com beep )
Oh, boy, am I glad to see you.
I wasn't even sure if they were
giving you my messages.
I've gotten them all, Mike.
You've been very helpful.
( sighs )
what they're asking me to do?
Do you know
You mean about the warp coils?
I was thinking you could do it
constrictors out of alignment.
by forcing the magnetic
Look, Seska, I don't mind
feeding you information,
but if you're planning
some kind of attack...
I have no intention of raising
my child on a Kazon ship!
I'm going to take Voyager.
One way or another,
You can either help me
or you can suffer
along with Janeway
and the others.
Don't worry, Mike.
Everything's been planned
to the letter.
Here's how it's going to work.
on a planet called Hemikek IV.
We'll be waiting for you
Doctor's Personal Log,
Stardate 49507.2.
The more time I spend
with Danara,
the more my programming
continues to adapt.
I look forward to perfecting
my romantic skills
the synaptic transfer.
once we've completed
band frequency
Set the delta
of the holo-emitter
to seven terahertz.
Seven terahertz.
( tricorder beeping warning )
Wait a minute.
Did you administer the cervaline
as I instructed?
every four hours.
500 milligrams
I don't understand it.
What's wrong?
it's rejecting the graft.
The brain-- your brain--
We can't go through
with the transfer.
I'm detecting elevated
levels of nytoxinol.
Where could that
have come from?
you made an error?
Is it possible
Administered nytoxinol
instead of cervaline?
No, I don't think so.
the hypospray I used.
But here's
Check for yourself.
You're correct.
It's cervaline.
been in Sick Bay
Has anyone else
other than you and Danara?
during the last 24 hours
in for some analgesic
Crewman Foster came
and Ensign Wildman
was here
prenatal visit. Why?
for her regular
Because, if the nytoxinol was
not administered by accident,
I can only conclude
that someone is deliberately
trying to kill Danara.
Who would want to kill her?
Perhaps someone who bears
ill will toward Vidiians.
I intend to find out.
Whoever it is,
Lieutenant Tuvok.
I'm calling
We have to find out
Please don't do that.
to obstruct your recovery.
who's trying
Iadministered
the nytoxinol.
it would kill you?
Didn't you know
You mean kill her.
She is you.
Was me.
I don't ever want
to be her again.
What are you doing?
Looking for the cervaline.
I have to reduce the rate
of tissue rejection
before it's too late.
Kes, would you excuse us?
I don't want to go through
with the transfer.
your neural patterns
If we don't get
out of the holo-buffer,
you'll be brain dead
in a matter of days.
I can't let that happen.
I'd rather live two more
days like this with you
than go on for who
knows how long,
wasting away a piece
at a time.
to keep you alive.
It's my duty
more than my doctor.
I thought you were
were my friend.
I thought you
I amyour friend.
What kind of friend
would ask me
to go on living
like this?
And for what?
So that I can go back to a world
where everyone I ever
loved has died,
I meet is going to die?
where almost everyone
You're a doctor.
You can help them.
help them.
I can't
I can't cure them.
is prolong their suffering...
All I can do
just like you want
to do to me now.
Danara...
to see you suffer.
I have no desire
it's like? Do you?
Do you know what
No, but...
What it's like to be
a nine-year-old child
and suddenly your best friend
to your house anymore.
doesn't want to come
your mother why...
And when you ask
and play with me anymore?"
"Why won't Mala come
And she tells you
it's because...
it's because the other children
are afraid of you.
( sighs )
Listen to me.
Before I met you,
I was just a disease.
But now, everything's different.
When people look at me,
a disease anymore.
they don't see
They see a woman,
a woman you made,
a woman you love,
a woman you're not
afraid to touch.
Danara, I was never
afraid to touch you.
you're a doctor?
Why? Because
Because I love you.
You say that now,
but if I go through
with the transfer...
If you go through
with the transfer...?
I will be sick again...
and ugly.
Danara, you're not ugly.
You're simply ill.
( sighs )
Please, stop patronizing me!
I know how people see me.
Danara, do you think
if you go back
into your own body,
I'll feel different
about you?
Won't you?
Listen to me.
Nothing could
ever change
the way I feel about you--
not some diseased skin, nothing.
not a few scars,
the most extraordinary gift
You have given me
that anyone has ever given me.
You brought me to this ship
and people are friendly.
where no one is sick,
healthy and beautiful.
You've made me
I don't want to go back
to the way things were.
You said, before you knew me,
that you were just a disease.
Well, before you, I was just
a projection of photons
held together by force fields,
a computerized physician
doing a job,
doing it exceptionally well,
of course,
but still, it was... just
a profession, not a life.
and my programming has adapted,
But now that you're here,
I'm not just working anymore.
I'm living,
learning what it means...
to be with someone,
to love someone.
I don't think
I can go back
to the way things
were either.
Danara, please...
don't die.
I want us to be together.
So do I.
But if you put me back
into that body,
I'll have to go home...
and help my people.
I know.
But we'd still have
two weeks together
before we reached
your colony.
Danara, please,
be with me
for as long as you can.
Computer, play music program
Doctor-alpha.
( waltz playing )